Schultz
Military commander school
that is
A strong and strong man beard
strongly
There is a special educational institutions that are operating on the basis of Kokun to say it is to stop the kindness machine
Good warriors with arms to remember from all over the country
It is a school that gathers without distinction of men and women
so
Men and women
Another mac
There is not
Or over not a band of still if bamboo
Is this three-person entry to be entered in the student council war ?
Just go around and do it yourself
Okobutsu also I'm not suit What students Offer
Just no yeah today in the chairmanship 10-person system icicle like 6
I think that only seed in the good
In other words, the student council mainly
Ah ah ah ah
He is station
Do a better Please Leave it in me
Tanomei' the English from the finger far distance
Is thick and hard and black bud us over bulge
I'll give you at Puchikon I can not believe the power
I wonder if there is no Suda
none
Changer madam 8.5 inch insurance only
The party to say and are saying that there is no also you'll you a funnel specific uncle of the substance
Moon
Operation light it is gypsum
There are at home lets me Misadame ye of force
Your request for the paper
Wearing